The general gives him the goods
Hey
Your Majesty, General
What about you? It's not that you don't know
The baby bird princess has my siblings in her hands.
The chick dies
Up and down vibration
Who cares about the loss of the concubine?
Then I'm working hard.
Degamaryan brothers are happy
Don't worry, you have to put the chick
I promise you anything you want.
I want a little too much
I'm afraid the general won't be able to do this idea
Just kill the chick
Resolve the fruit
What else can't I do?
But I heard that birds entered the Grain Palace
You two won't break your promise
Ma Liang Brothers
We are the same family
What's more, there are gods who raise their heads three feet
I can swear
As long as it gets done
The Rakshasa Kingdom will never touch your sloppy title
Let Ma Liang go to this princess
If he hurts a hair
I want your life!
The Ma Liang brothers did a good job
Princess Mubird really thought I caught you, General
If I don't have this ability
Will you still work with me?
Hahaha that too
Brother, I'm waiting for your good news.
melodious princess
The little one is fine.